guest to guest chat eDiscovery (#3563)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/eDiscovery-investigation.md

## eDiscovery of guest-to-guest chats

> Today, for a sceanrio where only guests are participating in 1:1 or 1:N chat, we dont support eDiscvoery of those chat messages. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Presently, for a scenario where only guests are participating in 1:1 or 1:N chat, we don't support eDiscvoery of those chat messages. 
```

Reviewer 2: Please fix the typo - "eDiscvoery"

Reviewer: @LolaJacobsen  - Thanks for spotting that. Done.
